Split contribution doc into a separate file (#1490)
prometheus-operator/kube-prometheus: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE) and accept
contributions via GitHub pull requests. This document outlines some of the
conventions on development workflow, commit message formatting, contact points
and other resources to make it easier to get your contribution accepted.

To maintain a safe and welcoming community, all participants must adhere to the
project's [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Email and Chat

The project currently uses the [Kubernetes Slack](https://slack.k8s.io/):
- [#prometheus-operator](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CFFDS2Z7F)
- [#prometheus-operator-dev](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C01B03QCSMN)

> 

Reviewer: @paulfantom worth mentioning https://github.com/prometheus-operator/kube-prometheus/discussions here?

Author: Yes, good catch!

Author: I have rewrote this section and modeled it after prometheus site - https://prometheus.io/community/

Please avoid emailing maintainers directly.

## Getting Started

- Fork the repository on GitHub
- Read the [README](README.md) for build and test instructions

> - Play with the project, submit bugs, submit patches!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Play with the project, submit bug fixes, submit patches!
```

please don't submit bugs 🤣

## Contribution Flow

This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work (usually `main`).
- Make commits of logical units.
- Make sure your commit messages are in the proper format (see below).
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- Make sure the tests pass, and add any new tests as appropriate.

> - Submit a pull request to the original repository.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is worth mentioning how to execute tests? Just mentioning the Makefile step should be enough I think

Reviewer 2: I don't want to sound like a sellout of my employer, but the `developer-workspace` folder was created as an alternative for contributors who don't have a good local environment set up. Do you think it is worth mentioning it?

Author: Yes, totally! Would like to write it in a follow-up PR? I think you have the most knowledge of what should be put here so people use `developer-workspace` and gtipod :)

Reviewer 2: yep, sounds good to me!
